Fix show title in the push notification (#1493)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for Android Change Log

## Version 4.1.1 (Under development)

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix show title in the push notification during downloading a new release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix showing the title in the push notification while downloading a new release.
```
